[ADD] account_bank_statement_clear_partner (#322)
OCA/bank-statement-import: account_bank_statement_clear_partner/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module extends the functionality of `account_bank_statement` to support to allow you to **Clear all partners in a bank statement** where the line has been **reconciled**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module extends the functionality of `account_bank_statement` to support to allow you to **Clear all partners in a bank statement lines** where the line hasn't been **reconciled**.
```
